---
author: Peter Secor
date: 2008-08-06
title: Foldem's 2008 BARGE Trip Report
draft: false
tags:
 - foldem
 - tripreport
 - barge
 - 2008
summary: >-
 BEST BARGE EVAH!
 Let's do it again next year.
---
{{< as-seen-on-the-barge-list >}}

My 2008 BARGE starts sometime in 2007 when Chuck, Mick and our new
organizer, Nick, email each other back and forth preparing a
"proposal" and affirming the times and games we want to have at BARGE.
Once that's complete we submit the proposal to a few rooms, although
we expect real interest from only a couple of places, especially
Binion's and Golden Nugget.  I think we are agreed that BARGE is
better downtown.

Eventually we agree to go to Binion's, but hold the CHORSE at GN
because Binion's wants too much juice for the event and GN wants to
have us do something at their place.

Next we apply to the NGC for permission to hold the tourneys and cross
our fingers.  Everything goes through fine and we get an approval
letter.  Binion's loses their copy of this letter at least twice, but
I bring the original to BARGE, so they are much relieved.

Midway through this process, Binion's gets sold to the Four Queens
owners.  Leading up to BARGE we dealt with three different Cardroom
Managers at Binion's, but each of them was very supportive of BARGE.

Just before BARGE I get a lovely note from Chuck Weinstock explaining
that he will be stepping down as organizer after 2008, but of course
he is stepping UP to Organizer Emeritus and we expect to pick his
brain whenever we need to.  It is hard to describe how delightful it
was to work with Chuck all these years.  He is thoughtful and
resilient and he does all the behind the scenes stuff with the money
and the banquet folks so well that everything appears effortless.
Chuck is the heart of BARGE and I am happy he will now get to enjoy it
without obligation!

I arrive Tuesday afternoon via Southwest.  Jeff "ADB Jester" Woods has
kindly offered to hang around from his earlier arriving flight so we
can ride downtown together in his rental.  I exit the jetway, orient
myself toward baggage claim and head for the exit.  I hear a voice,
"Peter!".  I turn to look but don't see anyone I know.  I start to
resume toward the exit, when the voice comes again, "Peter!".  I turn
to look again.  "Peter, it's me, Jeff."  My jaw drops to the floor as
the remains of Jester stand in front of me, totally unrecognizable.
I'm pretty sure he has this on video.  Very well done my friend.  I'll
not be the last ("Who is that guy in the pink shirt?") to be
dumbfounded.

I get checked in and everything seems in order at Binion's. (It was,
and remained so throughout the week.)  After greeting lots of folks, I
jump in a 4/8 mixed game.  I won about $70 in an hour and went off to
the NL to HORSE Tourney.  Here was proof that the organizers seating
is random as I start seated between Sabyl and Gavin, with Rob Lauria,
Keith Troll and Richard Brodie (the eventual table winner) also at the
table.  Not a soft spot anywhere at the table.  I've already had a
couple of drink units, so my notes have descended into gibberish
already, but I remember that Sabyl and Gavin were the first two out
and that nothing much happened interesting in my play and I was out.
Congrats to Grizz on his win.

I had sort of promised myself that I wouldn't play too late any night
until Saturday, and I did get to bed by 3AM most nights, but the
adrenalin was running high and I slept poorly, awakening before the
alarm went off each morning.  Proof of this was having breakfast most
mornings, including a great omelet at Egg & I (Thanks Steve!) for the
first time.

I did the VP on Wednesday, knowing it's my best chance to cash during
the week.  I go off in the first heat and hear Chic loudly cackling as
he gets first a Royal and then a couple of quads to destroy the field.
I had three full houses and around 1,000 to Chic's 5,900 or so.  Chic
also took second at the Blackjack, at which point I began to wonder
how much the fee was to Don Perry for the Anal Horseshoe rental.

I don't play Lobah, so I played some  4/8 Dealer's Choice. In fact
about 90% of my live play was DC.  We weren't waiting until Saturday
to play our reindeer games, nosireebob!  Richard Brodie won the Lobah
and made a serious run at the BAAP, eventually finishing second to
Larry Larson.  Chris "Tom Bayes" Mecklin finished second, cementing
his rep as a draw games specialist.

Then off to the Karaoke.  I loved that we were singing on Wednesday
rather than Friday as I still had some voice left.  I was the first
singer with a rather gravelly version of "House of the Rising Sun".
The room filled more & more as people drifted in from the Lobah.  Russ
sang something that ensured his day job, but I didn't catch the title.
Probably the best singer was Dan's friend Randy (who knew? :), but the
highlight of the evening was undoubtedly Kevin Un's rendition of "I
Love This BARGE", which he did an encore of during the Symposium.  One
thing I especially liked this year was more singing and less group
shouting type stuff.  Even "If I had A Million Dollars" actually had
some (not much, but some) vocal quality.

Thursday morning I attended but did not play in the Team CHORSE.  I
was available as a sub, but wasn't needed, so I hopped into a 3/6 HE
game and played  vs. an amazing variety of players as several teams
were taking turns playing a stack on the table.  The local in seat 10
had a few of us on tilt.  NHS, WP.  I can't tell you how grateful I am
to Mick for volunteering to manage this event.  It is a lot of fun,
but getting the thing started is like herding noisy cats.  Plus there
was the great joy of figuring out the structure since the room didn't
have the right denominations of chips (despite them having the
structure for months in advance).  Good job Mick!  And congrats to the
Moosecocks for winning and having bragging rights for a year.

That evening I played the Stud Shootout, an event I have enjoyed and
done OK in. (&lt;--Grammar nazis speak up here :).  I always enjoy the
laughs when the 35/70 round is called.  When Nick was redoing the
structures for all the tourneys I had only two requests: leave in the
35/70 and the early rounds in the NL.  I like playing serious stud but
it wasn't my night as no one would let me push them around (darn
BARGErs).  Once again out but only after hanging around long enough to
miss the smoker.  Damn.  The nice thing about shootouts is the ring
games crank right up and once again I enjoyed DC.

Apparently Chris Kluchman plays better than her husband since she won
the SO Stud.

Speaking of which, what a great job Dave K (&amp; Diana M) did organizing
the Virgin Class of 2008.  Great Tees &amp; Hats, two CHORSE teams, a
syndicate, a meet up, trophies and 2 losing last longer bets!
(Nya-nana-nya-na, thanks Nolan).  Well played sir.

WTF is with BIA and Marlin chopping the Stud?  Scottro must still be
shuddering.

Friday was the TOC Style, imho a great event, won by World Class Nice
Guy and Player Barry Tanenbaum.  What's left of The Occupant was
second and our very own Chuck Weinstock finished third.  (For an
organizer to do well in an event is pretty amazing because of all the
distractions, so well done Chuck!)

The symposium came off without a hitch.  Thanks to all the help we
have keeping the records and running the cards to the winners.  We
still haven't figured out how to do Hors D'oerve accurately, but we'll
work on it.  Many of you heard Kevin do a reprise of "I Love This
BARGE" complete with sing-along refrain.  A big shout out to Mickdog
for handling all the payouts.

Saturday's NL was a lot of fun.  The low blinds give some play in the
early going (and let the "pro players" sleep in a little).  I was
doing well until BIA sucked out with AK v KQ on a KQx flop, A on river
to chop me down to smallish stack.  Congrats to Dan Chevrie,
representing all the bald guys out there!  Nice try by Dagon to get
the final table loaded by icing down the vodka.

The significant others also had fun, and Maryann "Good Doctor" Hack
took first place in their tourney.  Just remember Maryann, you'll have
to play with the big kids next year.  Congrats also to hubby Ed Hack
for his 17th (of 18) BARGE in a row!

The prime rib was roast beef and the speaker was, perhaps, a little
light on poker content, but the company was great at the banquet.  How
amazing is Rodney Chen for doing all those pictures for us?  The
signups for the reindeer games were much improved over past years and
we finally convinced Binion's that we needed more tables and they
listened!

The highlight of my evening was playing two tables simultaneously - a
4/8 must drink DC and a low games (2-7 TD, Badugi, O/8 + ?).  While
playing real Chowaha (4 cards hi-lo split) at the DC I won or split 7
of 8 hands and was doing OK at the low table too.  They did get me
once though, when I rolled over to the low table and asked "What
game?" "Badugi" - OK I rai with X7♠6♥2♣ - roll over (my chair had
wheels) to chowaha, raise with some nut hand - roll back to badugi to
see a flop!  They changed the game in the middle on me! ROFL.  I got a
rebate from Ice after the hand, which I immediately toked to the
dealer.  What fun.

I was up till all hours as usual and was proud to see the 4/8 must
drink DC was the last game going!

There is much more but it all runs together.  Hilites:

- My buddy (and virgin) James getting so hammered he missed his flight
  home.
- shrimp cocktails and ice cream
- fucking up the Crunchy points (an unfortunate tradition) despite
  Crunch having done all the prep work on site.
- Great ass late entry with Marlin, Tigress, Shaza and Rodney
- broke almost exactly even for BARGE despite massive toking and other
  negative EV action (can't anyone make a GD point?)
- Once again enjoyed seeing my old and new friends, if ever so
  briefly.  Why does this thing go by so fast?
- Maintained my lifetime winning streak at Binglaha playing other
  people's chips (Thanks Michael)
- Managed to still get a gift box of cigars despite missing smoker
  (Thanks Dan and Oliva Cigars and Mick)

BEST BARGE EVAH!
Let's do it again next year.

Best,

Peter
