---
title: BARGE Chip Committee
date: 2019-08-01
tags:
 - chips
 - bcc
aliases:
 - /chips/bcc
---

For twenty [BARGE](/) events,
the BARGE Chip Committee ensured there were commemorative chips available for
attendees, and that the winner of the Main Event got a chip set to take home
for their home game. This page discusses that history.

The BCC was one of the more consistent parts of BARGE, and predates the
founding of [BARGE, Inc.](/inc), the 501(c)(7) corporation that organizes our
fun.

## BCC History

In March 2001, the Barge Chip Committee was formed. At that time, it appeared that the BARGE
2000 NLHE champion was unlikely to participate in the creation of BARGE chips,
so a group of RGPers took the reigns and formed the BCC. The founding members
were Randy Collack, Scott Harker, Andy Hughes, David Lawful, Patrick Milligan,
Tom Sims and Paul Stine.

The BCC mission in 2001 was to get the process back on track and to make sure
that a set of BARGE chips is produced every year, with or without participation
from the current NLHE champion. They created, marketed, and distributed the
chips sets for 2000 and 2001.

Tom Sims left the BCC shortly after the initial chip designs were completed in
late April 2001. During his short time as a member, he provided the perspective
on how the BARGE chips were made in the early years. He was replaced by Tim
Stine as a member.

Russell Fox and Mike "Howler" McBride joined the BCC after helping to make
their chip sets.

Starting from the 2012 BARGE, chips continued to be produced by the BCC but
were now usually designed by Michael Brennan.

The members of the BCC continued to evolve.  David Lawful took over as Chairman
somewhere around 2017.

### 2020: End of the BCC

A lot of things didnâ€™t happen in 2020.  For instance, for several months, you
were not allowed to have fun in Las Vegas, or pretty much anywhere else. BARGE
even happened virtually.  The BCC stalled out through this time, and no chips
were produced in time for any BARGEs through 2024.

### 2025: Reformed BCC aka BCC2.0

The Reformed BCC was re-launched to produce chips for [BARGE
2025](../../../gallery/2025/).  Make-up designs are also being produced for
[2020](../../../gallery/2020/), [2021](../../../gallery/2021/), and
[2023](../../../gallery/2023/).  Members included Bruce Kramer, Doug Grismore,
Kevin Un, Patrick Milligan, Scott Harker, and Tim Showalter.

## 2001 BCC Team

In 2001, the BCC fielded a [CHORSE team](Team_BCC.jpg), complete with
[hats](BCC_hat_design.jpg) ([modeled by Patrick](Team_BCC_hat.jpg)), 
[badges](Team_BCC.jpg),
and [team](BCC_chips.jpg) [chips](Scottro.jpg).
