---
title: Another QB Reno Trip Report
date: 2015-12-07
author: Ken Kubey
draft: false
tags:
 - qb
 - tripreport
 - reno
 - 2015
summary: >-
 We got a nice offer from the Grand Sierra Resort in Reno.
 2 weekend nights free and a free slot tournament with some
 pretty good prizes.
---

{{< as-seen-on-the-barge-list >}}

We got a nice offer from the Grand Sierra Resort in Reno.
2 weekend nights free and a free slot tournament with some
pretty good prizes.  Top 200 players would get at least $50
in free slot play.  Payout structure was very bizarre, maybe to
prevent cheating.  100th place gets the top prize of $7500.
Places right around 100th also got big prizes.
1st place got $1000.  2nd through 19th got $50. {{< br >}}
20th got $500.

Also two 2-for-1 buffet coupons.

Anyway...

Oh, two day tournament.

Saturday.

Sandi was in the top 100 of 700+ after the first day. {{< br >}}
I was in the bottom 100.  My machine was later taken out of service
(I'm guessing because it was too slow.)

---

Killer brunch at GSR.

---

We go to the Peppermill. {{< br >}}
Sandi loves this one group of slots. {{< br >}}
I went to play 3-6 limit hold'em.

Nice passive table. {{< br >}}
Even the two crazy players were pretty passive.

I'm semi-watching all three big NCAA football games.

QQ and raise on the button.  4 of us see the flop.
A-K-X.  Here we go again. {{< br >}}
Check, check, check.  I know someone has A6o.  I check.
Turn blank.  Check, check, check.  I'm not falling for this.  Check.
River J.  Check, check, check.  Could QQ be good?  I check and show.
Muck, muck, muck.    Am I in the Twilight Zone?

A8o in BB.  Folded to button who limps.  SB call. {{< br >}}
Flop 8-5-3.  As I go to bet, I see the button reach for chips, but
I bet out anyway.  He calls, SB calls. {{< br >}}
Turn K.  Check, check, check. {{< br >}}
River K.  I have the stone-cold nuts.  I bet.  Button calls, SB folds.
I show my A8 ready to rake in the pot.  Button shows 99.
Arrgghhh.  Okay, back to normal.

32o in BB.  Free look.  4 players. {{< br >}}
Flop Q-9-2.  Checks around. {{< br >}}
Turn A.  Checks around? {{< br >}}
River X.  Checks around.  "Pair of twos."  Muck, muck, muck.

JJ and limp along.  Yeah, yeah.  should have raised.
Flop J-T-6.  Checked to me.  I bet. {{< br >}}
Older lady in BB says "Oh!" as she rechecks her cards and check-raises!
She's been play very tight.  I'm thinking two pair.  I smooth call her.
Turn X.  She fires out.  I raise, call. {{< br >}}
River 8.  She checks and calls.  JJJ good.  She shows T7o and thinks
she has a straight!   What????

---

Earlier, Sandi had wanted to bet on Stanford -4.  I told her I would
bookie the bet for her, but we never agreed on anything.

I text her that Stanford is up 13-0.

Now she texts back that she wants $10 on Stanford -4.  Okay.
5 minutes later another text: "Make it $20."  Ha!  Booked it.

---

32s in BB.  Free look.  4 players.
Flop and turn check around.
River 2.  Checks around again.  "Pair of twos again."  Muck, muck, muck.
Twilight Zone, man.

I'm up about $40 and think about locking up the win, but I want
to see how the football games turn out.

QQ and raise. {{< br >}}
Flop top set, bet it all the way.  Scoop.

KK in cutoff and raise after two limpers.  Button cold calls.  5 to flop.
Q-8-X, two clubs.  Limper bets, I raise, button folds.  2 calls. {{< br >}}
Turn 9.  I bet, limper calls. {{< br >}}
River 4s.  I bet, limper folds. {{< br >}}
Button says to me "You played that perfectly.  I had jack-ten of hearts,
but didn't want to call a raise with two clubs out there."
You've just crossed over into... The Twilight Zone.

Finish up $87 and 5 drink units.

---

Find Sandi and we watch the intense finish of the Iowa/Michigan State game.
Just some great old-time smash-mouth football.

---

Head over to Cal/Neva to eat at the Top Deck restaurant.

Someone must have called ahead to central casting to order up
50 icky people to hang out in the Cal/Neva.  Bums, drunks,
deranged-looking guys, some scary-looking women.  BARGE people
would look well-dressed and handsome compared to this crowd.

We get breakfast specials and for the first time ever, I'm
disappointed with the food at the Top Deck.  Sigh.
Eggs and hash browns were below par.  Ham was just okay.
At least the pancakes were good.  Waiter was nice.

---

Sunday.

Slot tournament round 2.

I've been scouting the machines.  People on Sandi's machine have
been averaging around 5th place out of 40, so I think she is in
good shape to make the money.

Time for our group.  5 minutes.

I'm off to a flying start.  Sandi is maybe 12 feet away and I can
see she is behind pace.

I'm in 1st or 2nd all the way and finish 2nd in our group.
Sandi is 5th in the group!  Yay.

I miss the money.  Sandi gets $50 in free slot play.

---

Around here we watch the tail end of the 49ers and Bears at the
crowded sportsbook. {{< br >}}
Chicago is set for a chip-shot FG. {{< br >}}
They show a replay of Gould missing a kick from the same spot earlier
in the game and one guy goes nuts thinking it is a live shot.  Idiot.

Now the real kick.  Way, way wide!  Lot's of cheering in the sportsbook.
49ers win in OT.

Only later do I learn that a certain BARGEr lost the farm betting
on the Chicago Bears.  Ouch.

---

Killer seafood/champagne brunch at GSR.

---

Now it is time for Sandi to use her $50 in free slot play.
I suggest video poker.  Nah!!

She turns the first $10 into 71 cents.

I suggest the tree shaking slot.  She turns next $20 into about $15 cash.

Now she plays some weird slot.  Little Red Riding Hood maybe?
Hits some good jackpot.

Total up the tickets.  $50.38.  Ha!!

---

Drive back home.

In other news, Sandi agreed that I was right about things six times over
the three days.  A new world record.

