---
title: ts4z's 2024 trip report
author: Tim Showalter
date: 2024-08-19
draft: false
tags:
 - barge
 - 2024
 - tripreport
 - ts4z
summary: Thanks for the money.
---

{{< as-seen-on-the-barge-list >}}

The story you're about to read is true.  Only the facts have been changed
to protect the innocent.

* * *

I wanted to be positive for the trip, but COVID is not what I meant.

I wasn't masking, and I didn't test soon enough.  I thought that symptoms I
had were smoke-related (partially true) and exhaustion from festivities
(also partially true).  So I had a lot more fun than I should have.  I'm
sorry about that.

I also didn't take notes, so I have no idea what actually happened. Please
excuse any errors or omissions. Or write your own trip report, I really
like reading them.

* * *

I was really looking forward to BARGE: Vacation was arranged, flight was
booked, hotel was reserved.  I had everything except my Saturday night
Binglaha seat locked up weeks in advance.

On a Friday in mid-June, my boss asked for a quick one-on-one.  Sure.  How
are you.  I'm fine.  You?  Good.  Hey, we're shutting the company down,
effective July 1.  Uhoh.

I decided BARGE was a no-go unless I lined up a new job.  So I start
applying for jobs, and occasionally helping wind down my soon-to-be
ex-employer.

Around the same time, both of my twins had COVID, one after the other.
Minor symptoms, but still COVID.  And right before they had it, I had a
cold, also minor symptoms. I figured my cold was probably also COVID, and
I'd have some immunity for BARGE.

And I could still do the Calcutta.  I dutifully registered.  I conscripted
Chris Kuntz to be my money mule in the event that I couldn't make BARGE.
In retrospect this was a pretty unkind thing to do, because if he had had
to manage the logistics of the buybacks for my 29 lots, he would probably
have killed me.

I have a model for pricing horses.  Is it any good?  Hard to say.  What it
is, is automated.  I start running up the pool, because I think it's more
fun when the pool is large.  Also I am outbidding people constantly, which
gets funnier every time I think about it.

The bot I have is half-baked, as I only get once a year to test it.  And
there are always bugs because the way the horses are listed isn't
consistent year to year.  So I was messing with something and I decided to
jack up one horse's relative value and see what the model would do.  I
weighted myself at 1000--par is 100, and I rated myself below that based on
results.  Then I ran the command to see what I'd be valued at.  $97, ok,
sure, that's about right...

Then I noticed what I had actually done was to run the command to _enact_
that value.  Now, that's a minor problem, because most bids are increases
of $1, so I kill the program, big deal I overbid by $1... but no. I had
implemented a jump bid feature that would increase the value to 1/2 the
estimated difference between the current bid and the target, which turned
out to be $55.  At least the bug had a sense of humor.

Chris Kuntz had 1/4 of the "syndicate" (i.e., me).  During BARGE, Peter
Secor offered to take 20%.  I talked him up to 25% to spread my pain.

The Thursday before BARGE, one of my interviews came through with a solid
offer.  I accepted it while I was at BARGE, and started a few days after I
got back.

* * *

I got to Vegas on Wednesday afternoon and went to dinner with a bunch of
folks who were out of the NLHE Funbook tournament.  (I was pretty sure the
Funbook tournament would have made my head explode, I made sure to arrive
in town after it had started so I couldn't possibly accidentally enter it.)
 And there I got named as an ADB.  We forgot to talk about the last longers.

I played a little 1-2 NL that night until real late, had a few drinks
(including one after California last call, my self-serving "protest"
against California alcohol laws) and went to bed +450.

I woke up on time Thursday for the stud shootout.  At some point I took an
ibuprofen to ward off hangover.  Of course, this also served to mask any
COVID symptoms.

I didn't last long in the stud shootout.  I had a couple eight-or-better
hands that I played aggressively that didn't pan out.  I lost quickly and
went to a cash game.

I also avoided Chinese Poker (I never learned to play it well) so I just
went and played HOARSE.  We had a dumb argument about whether it was going
to be HORSE or if we were going to sub in Action Razz.  Once we got that
sorted (which involved us all paying Larry $1) we got going.  Amusingly, it
was HOARSE on the board for the rest of the weekend.

I wasn't going to play 5-card PLO, but Dave Low talked me into it.  Much to
my surprise, I took 2nd place.

Heads up, I had Rick M out-chipped by like 1M to 60k.  He doubled through
my aces.  I had two more all-in shots to knock him out, and then he had me
out-chipped.  We went all-in one more time and he won.  Oh, well, 2nd is
pretty good for a tournament I wasn't going to play.  (Rick, I'm sorry I
didn't take the maple syrup.  It looked delicious, but I didn't want to
have to check a bag to get it home.)

Later I realized this was Dean's fault. He had said he was rooting for me
when we got down to just a few players.  It was like a curse.

Later, I was added to the ADB chat, where everyone was told to pay Dan for
the ADB last-longer.  I wasn't sure if I was in on that or not.  So I
somewhat jokingly objected, and Rich said everyone should pay me.  That
sounded good to me and Rich gave me $10.  Then I realized if I was in on
this, I owed Rich for the Stud, and gave the $10 back to him.

Late night, I sat down in the 1-2 NL game and pissed away 500.  Actually I
only pissed away 150 trying to play fun, inebriated poker with a bunch of
weak-tight stereotypes, then got involved in a pot with a tourist.  I had
KK and raised, he re-raised, I 3-bet, he jammed.  I should have known he
had AA but called anyway.

Friday morning, I played the TOC.  I was a little card-dead in this.  I
never had the cards that would have gotten me through. I went out somewhere
in the second half of the field.  But at least I think I played OK.

At some point I was starting to feel bad.  I thought it was sleep
deprivation from a couple late nights, and also drinking, and also a little
bit of cigarette smoke that has bothered me in the past.  I went upstairs
and took a nap around 8 or 9 PM.  In retrospect, I often take naps when I
have COVID; but also I take naps when I don't have COVID, and have stayed
up too late playing poker, and just don't want to go to bed.  And so I just
assumed I had a bad case of BARGE.

I woke up around midnight and went back down to the poker room.

The dealer's choice game had an open seat.  A few BARGErs were in the 1-2
NL, surrounded by tourists, but it was full.  I asked about the DC game and
they were actually playing some rotation, and that sounded fine.  (What I
try to avoid in the DC games is the part where someone names a game, then
it turns into a round of Nomic while the rules get hammered out.  This was
fine.)

My first game was Archie.  I folded my first hand and started looking at my
phone, as one does.  There's a draw, oh yeah, it's triple draw, let's look
at Facebook some more, and... then the dealer said she had forgotten to
burn.  An argument ensued as to what the correct fix-it procedure was.
Seats opened in the NL game.  I got up, figuring there would be fewer
arguments.

I was not correct.

The NL game was amazing, but slow.  Most of the players would fold to a big
raise most of the time.  Lots of players with stacks that were 10 high
instead of 20, (my favorite tell of "I usually play at the kitchen table
and am afraid to knock my chips on the floor, please take advantage of
me").  One player, Seat 6, a big, obnoxious guy, had a big, sloppy chip
stack.  Chips stacked real high in tilting towers that would have been at
home in Pisa, somewhere between 30 and 40 high.  He was pretty in love with
himself, giving lessons on how he was "fishing" at the table.

The game was slow because seat 6 would chat about his action and was
generally distracted by whatever, particularly drink ordering.  Well,
anyway, it's a good game.

Arthur was one of the players in the mixed game.  I told him this was a
good game, so he came over and put on a demonstration as to how to beat the
shit out of a game like this.  He played almost any hand looking for a
flop.  J2 flopped a boat and he rope-a-doped a ton of money out of one of
the tourists.  I tried to stay out of his way.  I have never found success
playing trash, I usually try to wait out a real hand, but even I opened up
a little.  I was treading water, stealing here and there, waiting for a big
hand that would never come.

A new seat 5 sits down at about 4 AM.  New seat 5 tended to peek at his
cards bybending them way up in the middle so everyone except the dealer can
see, which tended to show them to seats 4 and 6.  Seat 6 was repeatedly
vocal about this.

Seat 5 and 6 get into a hand.  Flop KJX, no spades.  Seat 6 put a bet out
of $17.  Seat 5 was thinking.  Seat 6 says "You got spades, fold.  Here let
me show you," and *grabs* Seat 5's cards and *flips them over*.  (Seat 5
did not have any spades.)

This was so unexpected that we all couldn't remember if he had a chip cap
on the cards.  I think his hand may even have been on them.

An argument ensued.  Seat 6 maintained the guy folded, which was
ludicrous.  We all said didn't, but it didn't matter -- if you expose even
the muck, your hand should be killed.  Arthur got Seat 6 to apologize,
which he did; but then when the followup was that Seat 5's cards were live,
we went back to the argument, that seat 5 had folded.  Lather, rinse,
repeat.

Danny, the floorman, was in the box dealing.  After this loop had been
repeated for few minutes, and seat 6 seemed to be getting downright
belligerent, he split the pot between the players and closed the game.

Terrible decision but no longer my problem.  I racked up as fast as I could
and cashed out first.

It was just before 5AM.

Saturday morning, I feel kind of OK.  I always felt better when I'm in my
room, away from cigarette smoke.  Between a few good hours of sleep, and my
nap, I felt fine, maybe a couple cramps attributed to the tournament
chairs.  I take an ibuprofen.  I get to the NL on time with a giant hot dog
from the snack bar for breakfast.  I guess it was good, but more
importantly it was expedient.

I built a pretty respectable stack with what I thought were suboptimal
cards. My table never broke.  I kept accumulating bustout prizes which I
was stacking wherever I could find space.  I guess I need to start bringing
a backpack.  And I'm still around for the dinner break.

Goldie goes out.  I win a Go4Goldie bet for the first time.

I tagged along to dinner with a group with Doug, Dave, Katie, Bob G, to a
Mexican place off-strip.  We order for speed.  I eat all I can in 20
minutes. Only later did I realize I walked out without thinking about the
check.

We're back just as cards are in the air.

We start losing players, and I'm about average in chips.  Maybe up, maybe
down. I get lucky with some steals.

Connie Kellers is on my right in the small blind, and opens for a standard
raise.  I have her comfortably covered.  I look down at KK.  For a moment,
I think about how to play this.  Could she have aces?  No, it's
blind-on-blind, it could just be a steal.  What else can I do?

"All in," I say.

Connie hesitates, long enough that I know she doesn't have aces, and
rechecks her cards.  Then, "Call."

Aces.

And they hold up, too.  I question my play, since this is the second time
in three days where I've taken KK against AA, but this time it's just bad
luck.

Now I'm short, but I steal my way back to a healthy stack.  A table breaks,
and Rich Bremer gets moved to my table.  At least I have more chips than
Rich.

Four ADBs are left.  I figure if I can just outlast them, I can cover most
of my buyin with the ADB last-longer.

I get all-in against Rich.  I win, now I have the pile of ADB money in
front of me, and his card-protector-bottle-opener.

We make a save for 16th and so we have all made the money.

Dave Low goes out.  I had offered a LL to Dave, and he countered with a
last _shorter_.  I have never beaten Dave in a LL, and I didn't beat him in
the last shorter, either.  -5

A couple ADBs were at the other table.  I don't see Katie disappear, but
when Edmund Hack goes out in 11, I'm overjoyed to get to keep the pile o'
money.

(I weaseled the ADB PLO LL as well.  There was some confusion as to whether
or not I was in for that.  But Rich decided to pay me, and that sounded
just fine to me.  Then I realized if I was in for the PLO LL, I was in for
the Stud LL as well, and gave the same $10 back to Rich.)

Russ starts handing me payout envelopes for my Calcutta debacle.  People
start asking for their share.  I start having trouble dividing by 4,
somehow math having suddenly become difficult. I think I ended up having
like 6 people cash, but unfortunately I had a lot of the bottom of the pay
table.

But I still had myself, and I was still in.

We get down to the final table (!) and there are people smaller than me, so
I politely let them go out first.  I steal what I can.  I keep laddering up.

I steal the blinds with 32o and an open jam, probably the best hand I
played in the tournament.  I think you can see this on the video on
Facebook.  Check the comments section for the timestamp.  I think this was
a hand where I was real sure to put the tip on the cards before I pushed
them to the dealer because I sure as hell didn't want anyone knowing I was
stealing with 32o.

Somewhere in here, I realize that I don't feel very well, and the ibuprofen
has clearly worn off.  In the moment, I decide that is the excitement of
getting deep in the Main Event, and the little bit of smoke wafting in from
outside the sportsbook.

We get to 4-handed.  The structure sheet says the big blind ante is now the
small blind value.  I have not read the structure sheet.  Also not reading
the structure sheet, we have the three other players left in the
tournament, the dealer, and the tournament director.  We continue to pay
the expensive ante.

Now the next WTF thing happens.  We're playing with 5k chips, that's fine,
but the blinds are getting big.  We're pushing stacks of 20 at each other
to make 100k.  It sucks.  The TD says she's going to get
higher-denomination chips. Good.  She gets 100k chips, but decides to make
them worth *10k*.  She walks to each player still in and explains this.  I
heard the same explanation three times.  I can't believe we went along with
this, but it's been a long day.  We later got 25K chips, which were of
course actually the _25_ chips, which was causing me considerable
confusion, perhaps because of the fever.

Sam goes out, mostly to Len G.  Now all the stacks are relatively healthy.
I I'm short, but not by a lot.

Len and Ben get into a huge pot.  Good for me, I stay out of the carnage.
Len loses, then Ben busts Len G on a subsequent hand.  I'm looking at the
second place plaque.  I can live with that, but I might be able to thieve
one more pay jump.

I steal with J3o.  Ben calls with A7o.  I catch a 3 on the flop and it
holds. I am up 4:1.

Then I jam again, Ben calls (Q8 vs 88?) and I'm up more like 3:2 or 6:5.

With a slight chip advantage, I start stealing smaller.  I think I'm
turning a small steady profit.  But in reality we're really not playing
that many hands. The dealer is confused because of heads-up procedure.  Ben
isn't super familiar with it.  Personally, I'm having trouble following the
"ante is the small blind amount" even though Russ explains it to me six
times and I do know how heads-up works.

It's about 10:30, and I get to thinking.  If I steal big, I might lose.  If
I steal small, I think I can whittle Ben down.  But we're going to be here
all night, and I want the trophy more than I want all of the money.  Plus,
I want ibuprofen before I start feeling worse.  Ben seems tired, too.

"How much do I have to pay you so I get the trophy?"

I offer an ICM chop: I get the trophy (my final steal).  Ben says OK.

I ask the TD if she can do an ICM chop.  Frankly this is out of politeness
because there are like six BARGErs watching the table who can all do it
correctly, but I defer to her because it seems like the right delegation of
responsibility.

The numbers she comes back with give second place even less than second
place money.

"That's not right."

"But that's what it says."

Asya starts arguing, and everything she's saying is right, so I let her
jump up and down on the TD for a while, just chiming in that she's right.
Asya explains how you're supposed to do this and the TD eventually kind of
listens (it's hard to tell) she comes up with another set of numbers that
are close enough to Asya's that we go with those.

Rodney takes a picture.  We stage a picture with a mighty J3o (not
necessarily _the_ J3o, just any two would do) and the pile of chips.

So I won BARGE.  Well, does anyone win BARGE?  Aren't we all winners for
the memories and the lulz and the drinks and the togetherness?  Aren't all
the people who cash in the tournaments winners?  Can you really win when
you made a deal?

No, I won BARGE, I have the trophy right here.  Thanks to Dean for saying
nothing whatsoever this time.  Thanks to Doug Grismore for the
encouragement reminding me not to fuck it up.  Thanks to Patrick Milligan
for running monthly tournaments as a competent TD so I knew how blinds
worked heads up.  Thanks to my wife and kids for suffering while my weekend
in Vegas turned into eight days.

I take a little timeout in my room (and ibuprofen) and come back
downstairs. Patti gives me a sash.  I am giddy.

Bob Gilbert asks me for his 1%.  I think he's kidding. It takes me a little
while to realize I left the restaurant without paying.  Bob offered to pick
up the check for 1% of any action.  I refuse for some reason, and give him
the full cost of my meal, which is more than 1% by $1.

Chris Kuntz and Brian Fazio are eating Brian's onion rings. I talk Chris
into breakfast at the Peppermill.  I wish more of Vegas still looked like
the Peppermill.

We eat and come back and go check out the poker room.  Dan Goldman and Sam
Scheinberg are trying to get Binglaha going.  And we have a quorum, and
it's a moral imperative.  But the poker room doesn't. have. enough.
dealers. for. Binglaha.  So no Binglaha.  I decide finally to just go to
bed instead.

I tried to sleep in Sunday, but I couldn't.  I caught up on Calcutta
accounting.  (I still owe tegwin $9.)  We lost $82, so I billed Peter and
Chris.  I would later let Chris Kuntz hustle me at pinball, so I think I
currently owe him $10.

I wanted to make sure I was testing negative given how I'd felt last night
and the fact that someone had announced a positive COVID test, and I wanted
a mask to wear for the flight home.  One sojurn to the Walgreens later, I
got back, and took the COVID test.  Instant positive result.

So I did a different kind of BARGE hangover this year, sitting in room
12-106 watching the Monorail go by.  A day or two later, Dave Low and Doug
Grismore got me a room at the Nomad (thank you!) and I watched the roller
coaster at NYNY instead. Fortunately my fever was gone by Tuesday.  I
finally went home on Thursday, having rebooked my flight home four times.

It was an atypical BARGE for me.  I spent a lot of time in tournaments,
which never happens.  I went the distance in two events and went pretty
deep in the TOC, really cutting into my cash game time.  No Binglaha!  I
didn't even drink that much, partly because I just didn't feel like it,
partly because I wasn't drinking much in the tournaments.

I know I got a few people drinking Space Dust, but I don't think I had more
than two the whole time I was there.  It's good, you should try it.

Thanks to the organizers for a great BARGE, and the Westgate for being a
great BARGE venue and having Space Dust on tap.

My kids are very impressed by my trophy, which is pretty neat.

Lastly, thanks for the money.
